42 ARKIV FoR BOTANIK. BAND 9. Nzo 9.

tilla patens var. Wolfyanqiana, Ranunculus acris 0011 repens,
(j'altha palustris, Trollius asiaticus, Aconitum napellus, Actaea
spicata, Nasturtium palustre, Arabis hirsuta, Dentaria tenuifolia,
Erysimum cheiranthoides, Capsella bursa pastoris, Isatis oblon-
(χαΐα, Viola palustris och epipsila, Polyqala comosa, Silene in-
flata, Sayina procumbens, Arenaria yraminifolia, Moehrinqia
lateriflora, Stellaria Bunqeana, meclia och crassifolia, Cerasti-
mn alpinum f. hirsutum, Geranium silvaticum och pratense,
Trifolium repens och lupinaster, Prunus paclus (i blom), Spiraea
chamaedryfolia, Sanquisorba officinalis, Alchemilla vulqaris,
Potentilla anserina, Comarum palustre, Rubus idaeus med var.
aczdeatissimus, saxatilis, arcticus och chamaemorus, Rosa acicu-
laris, Sorbus aucuparia, Epilobium anqustifolium, Callitriche
aaztumnalis, Ribes rubrum, C'hrysospleniurn alternifolium, Cicuta
virosa, Peucedanum vaqinatum, Heracleum dissectum, Anthris—
cus silvestris, Lonicera coerulea, Linnaea borealis, Galium
uliyinosum och boreale, Eri9eron elonqatus och acris, Solidaqo
virqaurea. I nula oretanica, Ptarmica impatiens, Achillea mille·
folium, Pyretlirum bipinnatum, Artemisia commutata och vul-
qaris, Tanacetum vulqare, Gnaphctlz'um silvaticum, Antennaria
slz'oica, Cacalia hastata, Taraxacum officinale, Hieracium
rulqaturn 0011. 0011 umbellatum var. subcrocatifolium, Campa-
Μυῖα 9ῖο711οναΐα, Vaccinium vitis idaea, ¹myrtillus och uliqi-
mosum, Oxycoccus palustris, Cassandra calyculata, Ledum pa-
lustre, Pyrola rotundifolia, minor och secunda, Trientalis
europaea, Gentiana barbata, M enyanthes trifoliata, Polemonium
coeruleum, M ertensia sibirica, M yosotis silvatica, Veronica
lonqifolia, Eu phrasia officinalis, Pedicularis euphsrasz'oides,
Rosclznialcia ylabra, Bffentha aroensis, Thymus serpyllum, Dra—
eoceplzalum nutans, Prunella vulqaris, Lamiurn album, Plantaqo
major, Rumor& domesticus 0011 acetosella, Polyyonum viviparum,
lapathifoliurn och polymorplzum, Empetrum niyrum, Retula
rerrucosa 0011. ylutinosa, Alnaster fruticosus, Alnus incana var.
se'birica, Populus tremula och laurifolia‚ Salix Gmelini, niori-
rans och lapponum, Paris quadrifolia, Majanthemmn bifolium,
Veratrum niqrum och album, Luzula pilosa och campestris.
,J uncus bufonins, Carene canescens, vitilis, qlobularis, limosa.
caespitosm vesicaria och rlzynchopliysa, Bromus inermis, Poa
nemoralis med var. vivipara, pratensis, trivialis och annua,
Glycerio distans, (salamaqrostis obtusata, phraqmitoioles och
⁴‹Jn'qeio-s. Aqrostis alba, Alopecurus pratensis och fulvus,

